chore: Sync Markdown to DITA (#1247)
kyma-project/telemetry-manager: docs/user/README.md

- Integration in a vendor-neutral way to a vendor-specific observability system (traces and metrics only): Based on the [OpenTelemetry protocol (OTLP)](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/reference/specification/protocol/), you can integrate backend systems.
- Guidance for the instrumentation (traces and metrics only): Based on [Open Telemetry](https://opentelemetry.io/), you get community samples on how to instrument your code using the [Open Telemetry SDKs](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/instrumentation/) in nearly every programming language.
- Enriching telemetry data by automatically adding common attributes (traces and metrics only). This is done in compliance with established semantic conventions, ensuring that the enriched data adheres to industry best practices and is more meaningful for analysis. For details, see [Data Enrichment](gateways.md#data-enrichment).
- Opt-out of features for advanced scenarios: At any time, you can opt out for each data type, and use custom tooling to collect and ship the telemetry data.

> - SAP BTP as first-class integration: Integration into BTP Observability services, such as SAP Cloud Logging is prioritized. For more information, see [SAP Cloud Logging](integration/sap-cloud-logging/README.md). <!--- replace with Help Portal link once published? --->

Reviewer: We should not replace with help portal link, should we? If so, we should remove the OSS guide

Author: I'm fine either way, whatever you prefer :) I just wanted to note it down.

## Scope

> The Telemetry module focuses only on the signals of application logs, distributed traces, and metrics. Other kinds of signals are not considered. Also, audit logs are not in scope.  For audit logs, see [Auditing and Logging Information in Kyma](https://help.sap.com/docs/btp/sap-business-technology-platform/auditing-and-logging-information-in-kyma?locale=en-US&version=Cloud).

Reviewer: The audit log setup is specific to the SAP product indeed, you will not have it in OSS. So either we remove the last sentence fully or have it only in DITA..

Author: removed with 301d0b8

> The Telemetry module focuses only on the signals of application logs, distributed traces, and metrics. Other kinds of signals are not considered. Also, logs like audit logs or operational logs are not in scope.  For audit and application logs, see [Auditing and Logging Information in Kyma](https://help.sap.com/docs/btp/sap-business-technology-platform/auditing-and-logging-information-in-kyma?locale=en-US&version=Cloud).

Reviewer: See comments in SAP help

## Architecture

![Components](./assets/telemetry-components.drawio.svg)

### Telemetry Manager

The Telemetry module ships Telemetry Manager as its core component. Telemetry Manager is a Kubernetes [operator](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/extend-kubernetes/operator/) that implements the Kubernetes controller pattern and manages the whole lifecycle of all other components covered in the Telemetry module. Telemetry Manager watches for the user-created Kubernetes resources: LogPipeline, TracePipeline, and MetricPipeline. In these resources, you specify what data of a signal type to collect and where to ship it.
If Telemetry Manager detects a configuration, it deploys the related gateway and agent components accordingly and keeps them in sync with the requested pipeline definition.

For more information, see [Telemetry Manager](01-manager.md).

### Self Monitor

The Telemetry module contains a self monitor, based on [Prometheus](https://prometheus.io/), to collect and evaluate metrics from the managed gateways and agents. Based on the collected data, it provides insights about the telemetry data flow health and the module and pipeline status.

### Gateways

> The Traces and Metric feature share the common approach of providing a gateway based on the [OTel Collector](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/collector/). It acts as a central point in the cluster to push data in the OTLP format. From here, the data is enriched and filtered and then dispatched as defined in the individual pipeline resources.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Traces and Metrics features share the common approach of providing a gateway based on the [OTel Collector](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/collector/). It acts as a central point in the cluster to push data in the OTLP format. From here, the data is enriched and filtered and then dispatched as defined in the individual pipeline resources.
```
If you accept the suggestion, it should be also propagated to DITA CCMS.

Author: agreed!
